This javascript program can visualize a mathematical function. It can work with up to four individual functions at once. You can
try this feature by clicking on the (+) button on top. You can always temporary hide or show a function by checking the box on the right of its
declaration.(-) Will remove the latest function, if you do not want to use it anymore. Two buttons under the declarations
will introduce variables k(K) and l(L). k has a range between -10 and 10 whereas l ranges from -1 to 1.
You can also change the system size and switch the grid on or off. A grid square has a standard side length of 1. Despite scaling the grid,
the units will stay the same at all times. Grid ratio is 1:1.
                
Using the program: Firstly, enter a desired function in the declaration input. When drawing a function, for example : f(x) = x-3, 
input y=x-3 or simply x-3. This will work with linear, rational, exponential, polynomial and even trigonometrial functions. Adding variables to
a function is as simple as writing k or l (or both) in the input. For example k*sin(x). Upon changing value of k, we can observe how the sine wave
changes its amplitude.
                
Additional rules:Standard algebraic operations apply. When adding use +, substracting -, dividing / and multiplying *. Writing characters
together will not multiply, for example; you can not write x*x as xx or 3*x as 3x. Whenever you want to use a power of a number use ^ (x^2 or x^3). To square
characters use sqrt(x), if you desire to use higher roots follow this example; x^(1/3) = this will demonstrate the third root of x. Program will
recognize sin(x),asin(x),sec(x),cos(x),acos(x),csc(x),tan(x),atan(x),cot(x). Obviously you can modify their propreties by adding values. 
To achieve the wanted output,
especially with more complex functions you will have to use brackets ")(". Have fun using the program!


by Daniel Bartolič 4. Ra
